# Assignment
## Scenarios:

1. Hiking
 1.1. Rent a ReachNow to drive to mountain rainier on weekends with friends
 1.2. On the way, fill the gas
 1.3. On the way, eat at restaurant for lunch
 1.4. Buy the ticket to get into the park
 1.5. Book a hotel or check in the hotel.
2. Organise a career fair(Suppose you are the organiser)
3. Order Pizza from Pizza Hut
4. Design a code sharing platform (eg: Github).
5. Design a soft-drink/snacks vending machine.

## Tips :
1. You may go as deep as you want , like the first scenario will be an example, you can simplify it or make it more complex.
2. Use pseudo code. This assignment has nothing to do with the real code, we want you to experience what is object oriented language.


## Success criteria:
1. Be able to parsing the daily activities into some small block and learn the way to design things. Different may have different ways to parse the same scenario. So make your own copy.

2. Be able to make progress according to reviews from teachers and TA.

## Requirement:

1. Deadline is Sep, 15th. If you encounter any problem to meet this deadline, please contact TA or Professor directly.

2. Individual work, not team project. But can have discuss with other classmates.

---

# Accomplishment

## 1. Hiking
### 1.1. Rent a ReachNow to drive to mountain rainier on weekends with friends

#### Objects

**User**
*Data*: name, phone number, email address, home address, credit card, real time location, place of departure, place of arrival, phone, application user name, password, car
*Behaviors*: register, searchInternet, enterPhoneNumber, openReachNow, closeReachNow, findCar, holdCar, unlockCar, lockCar, driveCar, stopCar, parkCar

**CreditCard**
*Data*: bank, card number, CCV, expiration date, holder's name
>Note: There is no behavior for credit cards so I just don't list it. So does the below objects.

**CreditCardCompany**
*Behavior*: authorizeTransaction

**Car**
*Data*: model, color, parking location, status,

**Location**
*Data*: latitude, altitude, name

**Phone**
*Data*: type (iOS | Android), internet connection
*Behavior*: sendMessage, receiveMessage, download, upload,

**Internet**
*Data*: ReachNow website, .... : Group of Websites (Collection of Websites)
                                                                                                                    51,1           0%
